thanks for taking the time to answer my
questions we're picking 18th in the
upcoming draft and are very interested
in what you bring to the table all right
let's get to it this next question is
more how you feel about what we're doing
here in Washington having recently
traded away our former cornerstone in
Gilbert Arenas
the franchise turned a new page and that
we brought in a lot of very talented
young guys headlined by John Wall with
the group we have now do you feel like
you'd fit in I'm ready to step right
into this league and shine and I feel
like the roster you have assembled here
he's a few more years and the cam before
it's ready to make some noise my career
is only gonna last so many years and if
I'm being perfectly honest with you I
don't want to waste the first part of my
career waiting for other guys to develop
mmm no offense but no thanks alright
then one more how did you feel about
your game tonight what stood out to you
and it wasn't the best game I've ever
played that's for sure I'm often very
critical in my play I tend to focus on
the things I did wrong and learn from
those I'm just not that guy that's gonna
gloat about the things that I did do
well my mom always told me that for
every right in the world there's a wrong
I'm trying to eliminate the wrongs from
my game you feel me
thanks for your time it was a little
disappointing to be honest but I
appreciate you being upfront with us
well played out there tonight allow me
to introduce myself
I'm the GM of the New York Knicks we
currently have the 17th pick in the
draft and are narrowing down our list of
draft targets if you wouldn't mind I'd
like to ask you a couple of questions it
looks to me like you're a tribe tree
small forward that is arguably our
strongest position in Carmelo Anthony
Melo doesn't really like to move up to
the 4 but he plays it in a pinch
he is definitely our guy we love your
talents I want to know if you have ever
given any thought or perhaps playing
down as a shooting guard you have
actually given it a lot of thought and
I've been working on my shot recently to
try and show teens just how versatile of
a player I can be I like to think I can
play the two three and four with great
efficiency I'm already in a New York
state of mind if that's what's needed
and asked of me and that's what I'll be
doing simple as that
okay last question like la playing in
New York is like playing under the
microscope your every move and the court
will be critiqued and analyzed by the
fans who expect nothing less than a
championship year in and year out beyond
that your every move off the court will
be chronicled in fed to the public by
the paparazzi what I'm trying to ask is
are you ready for this is this a
lifestyle you can feel comfortable
living while still maintaining your full
focus on the team yes definitely I was
born ready for this it'd be an honor to
play for one of my favorite teams as a
kid growing up give him the chance to
play alongside Melo and a moiré Wow how
can anyone not want that okay that's all
I have I love what I heard here we would
love to have you join us we'll be in
touch
I know you just got done playing and
probably want to catch a shower so I'll
keep this brief
I'm with the Timberwolves and we're
picking 20th in the upcoming draft we
love what we saw in you tonight I want
to ask you some questions to see how
well you fit in with us question number
one Minneapolis is truly a beautiful
city but are you aware of just how
brutally cold the winters are we have
freezing cold we have snow we have it
all I've seen players walk in telling me
that nothing can stop them only to be
defeated by the weather the gosh-darn
weather can you deal with these types of
adverse conditions I come from a much
warmer climate I played some games in
college and cold-weather cities and my
game just feels off from the weather's
cold I'm not used to it
I can't shake it man my hands just get
cold on the way to the arena and I just
don't feel right I need to feel
comfortable at all times and if I had a
choice why the heck would I want to be
cold man interesting next question if
you were a GM where would you draft
yourself in this draft easy I'd draft
myself top three without giving it a
second thought I may not look like it
right now
but I guarantee you people will look
back on this draft and ask themselves
what were all those teams thinking when
they passed on this guy
guaranteed baby thanks for answering our
questions I don't know that we're a fit
for you at this time we'll need to
discuss internally I'll be in touch